README.md, before:

![Main Image](/screenshot/2021-08-20.jpg)

# What is this?

My personal game engine project powered by Vulkan.
My goal is catching up my previous [OpenGL game engine project](https://github.com/SausageTaste/Little-Ruler) in terms of rendering techniques and image quality.

# How to build

* Download LunarG Vulkan SDK [here](https://www.lunarg.com/vulkan-sdk/) and install it
* Git is required to fetch dependencies automatically
* CMake is the only supported build system so please use it
* On Ubuntu you may need to execute followings to configure CMakeList.txt without error
    ```
    sudo apt-get install libx11-dev
    sudo apt-get install xorg-dev libglu1-mesa-dev
    ```

## For Windows

* Build CMake target `dalbaragi_windows` and execute it

## For Linux

* I have only tested it on Ubuntu
* Build CMake target `dalbaragi_linux` and execute it

## For Android

* Open directory `{repo root}/app/android` on Android Studio and build it there

# Control

| Key | Command
|-|-
| WASD | Move
| Arrow keys | Look around
| SPACE | Ascend vertically
| Left Ctrl | Descend vertically
| Drag on left side of window | Move
| Drag on right side of window | Look around

Commit message:

Full screen support (#20)
* Toggle full screen with `Alt`+`Enter`

* New lines between each method declaration

* New key action type, `repeat`

* Window mode as default

* Improved macro that controls log message of user input

* Added some commands on README.md

* Only Windows and Linux support full screen

* Disclaimer about platform control command support

* Split keyboard controls and touch controls

* Update README.md

* Column name from `Key` to `Action` for touch commands

* `;;window_cast` helper function

* Window positions can be negative values

* Changed default window size

* Implementation of `WindowGLFW::toggle_fullscreen` into header

* `surface_create_func` as a function parameter

* `::fill_glfw_window`

* Split window creation function into 2

* Update renderer creation logic on Android

* Update `main.cpp` for Linux

README.md, after:

![Main Image](/screenshot/2021-08-20.jpg)

# What is this?

My personal game engine project powered by Vulkan.

My goal is to catch up my previous [OpenGL game engine project](https://github.com/SausageTaste/Little-Ruler) in terms of rendering techniques and image quality.

Supported platforms are Windows, Linux and Android.

# How to build

* Download [LunarG Vulkan SDK](https://www.lunarg.com/vulkan-sdk/) and install it
* *CMake* is the only supported build system so please use it
* *Git* is required for CMake to fetch dependencies automatically
* On *Ubuntu* you may need to execute followings to configure CMakeList.txt without error
    ```
    sudo apt-get install libx11-dev
    sudo apt-get install xorg-dev libglu1-mesa-dev
    ```

## For Windows

* Build CMake target `dalbaragi_windows` and execute it

## For Linux

* I have only tested it on Ubuntu
* Build CMake target `dalbaragi_linux` and execute it

## For Android

* Open directory `{repo root}/app/android` on Android Studio and build it there

# Control

Most commands are consistent across all supported platforms unless otherwise specified.

On Android, you can use Bluetooth keyboard or just stick to touch screen control.

## Keyboard control

| Key | Command
|-|-
| WASD | Move
| Arrow keys | Look around
| SPACE | Ascend vertically
| Left Ctrl | Descend vertically
| Q or E | Tilt left or right
| Alt + Enter | Toggle full screen (Windows and Linux)

## Touch control

| Action | Command
|-|-
| Swipe on left side of window | Move
| Swipe on right side of window | Look around
